What is the shortest route between a quiddestraße and an odeonsplatz?
What is the cheapest connection between quiddestraße and Hauptbahnhof?
What is the shortest route between Hauptbahnhof and odeonsplatz?
How do I get a garching mynchner freiheit as fast as possible?
the cheapest way to neuperlach from coal to leaf?
How can I get the fastest neuperlach zentrum to karlsplatz?
find the fastest connection between brudermühlstraße and alte emissions
Is there a train leaving from the neuperlach zentrum to the garching at 3:00?
Is there anything going out at 2 o'clock?
I need a connection to the lovely karl-preis-platz at 8 a.m.
I have to be at the Hauptbahnhof at 1 a.m., find a route from the garching forschungszentrum?
I have to be at the garching at 9:00.
Can I get a Hauptbahnhof from the quiddestraße by bus?
Find the shortest route from Moosfeld to milbertshofen?
How to go from garching forschungszentrum to neuperlach for courage?
search for bus from quiddestraße to site?
Is there a tram running from karlsplatz to the leaf?
Is there a bus from garching to moosachi at around 5pm?
Is there a bus leaving from the odeonplatz at 3:00 a.m. towards the Hauptbahnhof?
tell you the cheapest route from garching forschungszentrum to quiddestraße?
how to go to quiddestraße?
When will the next bus leave from the Hauptbahnhof?
How do I get from garching to Hauptbahnhof?
How do I get from kurt-eisner-straße to garchingu?
next train from garching forschungszentrum, when will it leave?
What is the next exit from garching forschungszentrum to odeonsplatz?
How do I get from mossach to garching forschungszentrum?
How to go from forschungszentrum to odeonsplatz?
how to go from garching, forschungszentrum to odeonsplatz?
How can I get from garching forschungszentrum to kurt-eisner-straße?
how to get to boltzmannstraße from quiddestraße?
When does the next train leave from Quiddestraße?
When does the next train leave from the garching forschungszentrum?
When will the next u6 leave the garching?
When does the next train leave from garching to forschungszentrum
When's the next u6?
When will the next subway leave garching?
When's the next train out of garching?
When will the next train leave from garching?
When will the next train leave from the odeonsplatz?
When does the next train leave the quiddestraße?
When is the next train?
When does the next bus depart from garching forschungszentrum?
When is the next train leaving?
When's the next bus out of garching?
When will the next s-bahn leave the Hauptbahnhof?
When is the next subway to depart from Odeonsplatz?
Show me the next bus out of the garching!
When does the next tram leave the Hauptbahnhof?
When does the next u-bahn leave the garching forschungszentrum?
show me the next bus from michaelibad.
When's the next train out of the Sendlinger tower?
Hey, bot, when's the next bus out of garching?
When's the next bus leaving garching?
When's the bus from quiddestraße?
When can I take the bus to mariahilfplatz?
When is the next bus leaving from Rome?
When is the bus to röblingweg?
The next bus from Quiddestraße?
When's the next bus leaving garching?
when the train leaves garching
When does the train leave the garching?
how to go from garching to odeonsplatz?
When does the next Adriani subway garching depart from the forschungszentrum?
How do I get from Olympiazentrum to Hauptbahnhof?
how to go from quiddestraße to boltzmannstraße?
How to go from moosach to garching forschungszentrum?
can you search the connection garching to odeonsplatz?
When's the next train from garching?
When will the next train arrive?
When is the next train to Nordfriedhof?
When will the next train to the garching forschungszentrum arrive?
When is the next train from nordfriedhof to garching forschungszentrum
Want to drive from garching to odeonsplatz?
How to go sendlinger tori?
How to go untere straussäcker?
How to get from garching to garching?
How do I get from garching to Sendlinger tori?
How to get from garching to garching?
When does the next train leave garching?
How to go marienplatz zu garching
How to get from garching to milbertshofen?
When's the next train to garching?
How do I get from garching to milbertshofen?
When will the next shuttle leave forschungszentrum garching?
Connection untere straßäcker 21st to kieferngarten
How to go from untere strassäcker 21 to fratmaning
How to become an untere strassaecker from 21 to fratmaning
when is the next train from station untere straßaecker 21 station kieferngarten
when is the next train from garching to untere straßaecker 21st towards kieferngarten
Garching Perlach
How to go from garching to perlach?
How to get a Freimann from bonnerplatz
When's the next train to nordfriedhof?
When does the next train leave from the Münchner Freiheit?
Driving from Hauptbahnhof to odeonsplatz?
How do I get from Olympia einkaufszentrum to Hauptbahnhof?
When's the next bus in forschungszentrum?
How do I get from garching to marienplatz?
Garching Studentstadt
