what is the shortest route between quiddestrae and odeonsplatz?
what is the cheapest way to get from quiddestrae to hauptbahnhof?
what is the shortest route between hauptbahnhof and odeonsplatz?
how could I get from garching to "mnchner freiheit" as soon as possible?
what is the cheapest way from neuperlach sd to lehel?
how could I get from neuperlach zentrum to karlsplatz as soon as possible?
Could you offer me the fastest route between brudermhlstrae and alte heide?
Is there a train from neuperlach zentrum to garching at 3 p.m.
Can you find the route from ollipiazentrum to leheliu at 2 p.m.?
I need a route from "Harras" to "Karl-Preis-Platz" at 8 a.m.
Need to be a hauptbahnhof at 1 p.m., can you search the route from the garching forschungszentrum?
I need to be garching at 9 a.m.
Can I take a bus from quiddestrae to hauptbahnhof?
Can you find the shortest way from Moosfeld to Milbertshofen?
How can I get to the neuperlach sd from garching forschungszentrum?
Can you find the bus from quiddestrae to lehel?
is there a tram from karlsplatz to lehel?
Is there a bus from garching to moosach at around 5?
Is there a bus from odeonsplatz to hauptbahnhof, 3 p.m.
Can you tell me the cheapest route from "garching forschungszentrum" to "quiddestrae"?
how can I get to the quiddestrae?
When does the next bus leave the hauptbahnhof?
how can I get from garching to hauptbahnhof?
How can I get from kurt-eisner-strae to delicious?
When the next train leaves the forschungszentrum?
what is the next route from garching forschungszentrum to odeonsplatz?
How can I get from mossach to garching forschungszentrum?
How can I get from garching forschungszentrum to odeonsplatz?
how can I get from garching, forschungszentrum to odeonsplatz?
How can I get from "garching forschungszentrum" to kurt-eisner-strae?
how can I get to boltzmannstrae from quiddestrae?
When does the next train leave the quiddestrae?
When will the next train to forschungszentrum leave?
When does another u6 leave the garching?
when the next train departs from the garching forschungszentrum
when is the next u6?
When does the next subway leave the garching?
When is the next train out of garching?
when is the next train leaving for garching
When does the next train exit the odeonsplatz?
When does the next train leave the quiddestrae?
When the next train runs
when does the next bus leave for garching forschungszentrum?
When does the next train leave?
When will the next bus leave for garching?
when is the next s-bahn leaving the hauptbahnhof?
When does the next subway leave the odeonsplatz?
Show me another bus from garching!
When does the next tram leave and the hauptbahnhof?
when does the next u-bahn leave the garching forschungszentrum?
Show me another bus from michaelibad.
When does the next train leave for a sentlinger tor?
Hi robot, when does the next bus leave for garching?
When will the next bus leave for garching?
When is the bus from Quiddestrae?
When can I get on the bus mariahilfplatz?
When does the next bus leave the romanplatz?
When does the bus to rblingweg leave?
another bus from the quiddestrae?
When does the next bus leave the "garching"?
when the train departs from garching
When does the train leave for garching?
how can I get from garching to odeonsplatz?
When do the adrians next subway depart for garching forschungszentrum?
How can I get from olympiazentrum to hauptbahnhof?
How can I get from quiddestrae to boltzmannstrae?
how can I get from moosach to garching forschungszentrum?
Could you give the route from "garching" to "odeonsplatz"?
when is the next train from the garching
when the next train arrives
when is the next train in nordfriedhof
when the next train arrives at the garching forschungszentrum
when is the next train from nordfriedhof to garching forschungszentrum
I want to travel from garching to odeonsplatz?
How can I get to the sentlinger tor?
How can I get to Untere strausscker?
how can I get from garching to garching?
How can I get from garching to sentlinger tor?
how can I get out of garching by garching?
when is the next train from the garching
how can I get out of marienplatz zu garching
how could I get to milbertshofen from garching?
when is the next train to garching?
How can I go and garching to milbertshofen?
When does the next rocket leave the garching forschungszentrum?
route from untere stracker 21 to kieferngarten
how to get from untere strasscker 21 to frtmaning
how to leave untere strassaecker 21 in frtmaning
when is the next train from untere straaecker 21 to kieferngarten
When is the next train from untere straaecker 21, garching in kieferngarten
From Garching To Perlach
how to get from "garching" to "perlach"?
how to get from Bonnerplatz to freimann
when is the next train at nordfriedhof?
when is the next train to the mnchner freiheit?
A route from hauptbahnhof to odeonsplatz?
how can I get from olympia einkaufszentrum to hauptbahnhof?
when is the next bus to garching forschungszentrum
how can I go to marienplatz?
from garching by studentenstadt
