what is the shortest connection between quiddestrae and odeonsplatz?
what is the cheapest route between quiddestrae and howptbahnhof?
what is the shortest route between hautbahnhof and odeonsplatz?
how can one get from garching to mnchner freiheit as quickly as possible?
which is the cheapest way from neuperlach sd to lehel?
how can i get from neuperlach zentrum to karlsplatz as soon as possible?
could you offer the fastest connection between brudermhlstrae and alte heide?
is there a train from neuperlach zentrum to garching 3 in the afternoon?
can you find a connection from olympiazentrum to lehel 2 in the afternoon?
i need a connection from harras to karl-preis-platz at 8 a.m.
I have to be in the hauptbahnhof at 1 p.m. , could you find a connection from garchingas forschungszentrum?
I have to be in garching 9
can I take the bus from quiddestrae to the hauptbahnhof?
is it possible to find the shortest route from moosfeld to milbertshofen?
how can i get neuperlach sd from garching forschungszentrum?
can you find a bus from quiddestrae to leheli?
Is there a streetcar from karlsplača to leheli?
is there a bus from garching to moosach around 5?
is there a bus from odeonsplatz to howptbahnhof at 3 o'clock in the afternoon?
can you tell me the cheapest way from garching forschungszentrum to quiddestrae?
how to get to quiddestrae?
when the next bus leaves the hauptbahnhof?
How can you get from a garching to a hauzbahnhof?
how can I get from kurt-eisner-strae to garching?
when the next train garching,forschungszentrum runs away?
what is the next connection from garshungszentrum to odeonsplatz?
how can be from mossach to garshungszentrum?
how to get from garching forschungszentrum to odeonsplatz?
How to get from garching, in forschungszentrum to odeonsplatzi?
how can be from garching forschungszentrum to kurt-eisner-strae?
how can i get to boltzmannstrae from quiddestrae?
when will the next train leave the quiddestrae?
when the next train leaves in garching forschungszentrum?
when the next u6 departs from garchinga?
when the next train goes from garching forschungszentrum
when is the next u6?
when the next subway goes from garching?
When is the next train going to garching?
when will be the next train in garching
when the next train departs from odeonsplatz?
when the next train departs from the quiddestrae?
when is the next train
when the next bus departs from garching forschungszentrum?
when does the next train leave?
when the next bus leaves in garching?
when the next s-bahn departs from the howtbahnhof?
when the next subway departs from odeonsplatz?
show me the next bus from garching!
When will the next tram get out of the hauptbahnhof?
when the next u-bahn will leave the garching forschungszentrum?
show me the next bus from michaelibad.
when the next train leaves the sendlinger in the tora?
Hey, bot, when the next bus rides out in garching?
when the next bus departs garcing?
when is the bus from quiddestrae?
when can I get a bus at mariahilfplatz?
when the next bus departs from romanplatz?
when the bus goes to rblingweg?
next bus from quiddestrae?
when will the next bus leave garching?
when the train goes long-distance
when the train leaves garching
how can i get from garching to odeonsplatz?
when adrians next subway departs from garching forschungszentrum?
how to get from olympiazentrum to hauzbahnhof?
how to get from quiddestrae to boltzmannstrae?
how can be from moosach to garching forschungszentrum?
can you offer me a connection from garching to odeonsplatz?
when will the next train from garching
when the next train arrives
when is the next train in nordfriedhof
when the next train will arrive garching forschungszentrum
when is the next train from nordfriedhof to garching forschungszentrum
Want to travel from garching to odeonsplatz?
how can i get to the sendlinger tor?
how to get to untere strausscker?
How can I get from garchinga to garchinga?
how can be from garching to sendlinger tor?
How can I get from garchinguz to garching?
when will be the next train from garchinga
how to get from a marienplatze to a garching
How to get to milbertshofena from garchinga?
when will the next train in garching
How can I get from garching to milbertshofen?
when the next rocket departs from the garching forschungszentrum?
connection of untere stracker 21 by kieferngarten
how to get from untere strasscker 21 to frtmaning
how to get from untere strassaecker 21 to frtmaning
when next train from untere straaecker 21 by kieferngarten
when is the next train from untere straaecker 21, garching in kieferngarten
from garchinga to perlachu
how to get from garching to perlachu?
how to get from bonnerplatz to freimann
when is the next train in nordfriedhof?
when is the next train in mnchner freiheit?
connection from hauptbahnhof to odeonsplatz?
how to get from olympia einkaufszentrum to hauptbahnhof?
when is the next bus garching forschungszentrum
how to get from garching to marienplatz
From Garching to Studentanstadt
