What's the shortest connection between quiddestra and odeonsplatz?
What's the cheapest connection between quiddestra and hauptbahnof?
What's the shortest way between hauptbahnof and odeonsplatz?
How can I get from garching to münchner freiheit as soon as possible?
What's the cheapest way from neuperlash süd to lehel?
How can I get from neuperlash zentrum to karlsplatz as soon as possible?
Could you give me the fastest connection between brudermühlstra and alte heide?
Is there a train from neuperlash zentrum to garching at 3:00?
Can you find a connection from olypiazentrum to lehel at 2:00 p.m.?
I need a connection from harras to karl-preis-platz at 8:00 a.m.
You have to be at the haupptbahnhof at 1:00, can you find a connection to Garching forschungszentrum?
I'm supposed to be in garching at 9:00.
Can I take the bus from quiddestra to hauptbahnof?
Can you find the shortest path from moosfeld to milbertshoven?
How can I get to neuperlash süd from garching forschungszentrum?
Can you find a bus from quiddestra to lehel?
Is there a tram from karlsplatz to lehel?
Is there a bus from garching to moosach around 5?
Is there a bus from odeonsplatz to hauptbahnof at 3:00?
Can you tell me the cheapest way from garching forschungszentrum to quiddestra.
How can I get to quiddestra?
When is the next bus leaving Hauptbahnof?
How can I get from garching to hauptbahnhof?
How can I get from kurt-eisner-stra to garching?
When the next train to garching leaves, forschungszentrum?
What's the next connection from garching forschungszentrum to odeonsplatz?
How can I get from mossach to garching forschungszentrum?
How can I get from garching forschungszentrum to odeonsplatz?
How can I get from garching, forschungszentrum to odeonsplatz?
How can I get from garching forschungszentrum to kurt-eisner-strâe?
How can I get to Boltzmannstra?
When's the next train leaving quiddestra?
When is the next train leaving forschungszentrum?
When's the next u6 coming out of garching?
When the next train leaves garching forschungszentrum
When's the next u6?
When's the next subway coming out of garching?
When the next train to garching leaves?
When the next train leaves for garching
When is the next train leaving Odeonsplatz?
When's the next train leaving quiddestra\e?
When's the next train?
When is the next bus leaving forschungszentrum?
When's the next train coming out?
When's the next bus on garching gonna leave?
When is the next s-bahn coming out of the hauptbahnhof?
When the next subway leaves the odeonsplatz?
Show me the next garching bus!
When the next tram leaves Hauptbahnhof?
When is the next U-ban going away from garching forschungszentrum?
Show me the next bus from michaelibad.
When's the next train leaving for the sandlinger tor?
Hey, bot, when's the next bus starting at garhing?
When's the next bus leaving for garching?
When's the bus from quiddestra?
When can I get a bus for mariahilfplatz?
When is the next bus leaving for romanplatz?
When does the bus leave for röblingweg?
The next bus from quiddestra.
When is the next bus leaving garching?
When the train leaves for garching
When the train goes to garching?
How can I get from garching to odeonsplatz?
When an adrians next subway leaves for garching forschungszentrum?
How can I get from olipiazentrum to hauptbahnof?
How can I get from quiddestra to Boltzmannstrae?
How can I get from moosach to garching forschungszentrum?
Can you show me the connection from garching to odeonsplatz?
When the next train from garching
When the next train arrives
When the next train is in Nordfriedhof
When the next train arrives at garching forschungszentrum
when the next train from nordfriedhof to garching forschungszentrum
I want to travel from garching to odeonsplatz?
How can I get to the sandlinger tor?
How do I get to untere struussäker?
How can I get from garching to garching?
How can I get from garching to sandlinger thor?
How can I get from Garchingto Garching?
When the next train from garching
How can I get from marienplatz to garching?
How can I get to Milbertshoven from garching?
When the next train is on garching.
How can I get from garching to milbertshoven?
When is the next missile leaving garching forschungszentrum?
connection from untere sträker 21 to kieferngarten
How to get from untere strasäker 21 to fötmaning
How to get from untere strasaekker 21 to fötmaning
when the next train is from untere sträaecker 21 to kieferngarten
When the next train is from untere sträaekker 21, garching to kiefergarten
From garching to perlace
How do you get from garching to perlach?
How to Go From Bonnerplatz to Freimann
When's the next train on the nordfriedhof?
When's the next train at münchner freiheit?
The connection from hauptbahnhof to odeonsplatz?
How can I get from olympia einkaufszentrum to hauptbahnhof?
When the next bus is in garching forschungszentrum
How can I get from garching to marienplatz
From Garching to Studientenstadt
